clean: Refactor Not a member of organization DOCS-585 (#1810)
codacy/docs: docs/account/emails.md

## Updating your email addresses {: id="updating"}

> Codacy automatically pulls to your Codacy account the email addresses from the Git provider associated with your current session. On the **Emails** page, you can verify which email addresses are associated with your Codacy account.

Reviewer: I believe this can be clearer if instead of *how* (pulls), we mention *what* Codacy does ("associates with" for consistency, or perhaps "links with" to avoid repeating "associate" in the sentence).

```suggestion
Codacy automatically associates with your Codacy account the email addresses from the Git provider associated with your current session. On the **Emails** page, you can verify which email addresses are associated with your Codacy account.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Codacy automatically links with your Codacy account the email addresses from the Git provider associated with your current session. On the **Emails** page, you can verify which email addresses are associated with your Codacy account.
```
